Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions of use (“Terms”) along with privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) forms a legally binding agreement (“Agreement”) between You and us (Ludo Royal Clubplayers.com).

Hence, We insist that You read these Terms and Privacy Policy and let Us know if You have any questions regarding the same. We will try Our best to answer Your queries.

A. USERS’ APPROVAL

1. Users approve of and accept our Agreement by:

(a) reading all terms and conditions.

(b) reading all rules of this app.

2. Users may accept this Agreement only if:

(a) Such User is a natural person, is of the legal age (18 years or older), eligibility and mental capacity to form a binding contract with us.

(b) Such User is not a resident of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Assam, Orissa, Sikkim, Nagaland.

(c) Such User is a juristic person, is lawfully existing, and has all the authorizations, permits, and allowances to enter into this Agreement and form a binding contract.

(d) Such User is not legally barred or restricted from using the App.

3. You understand that We want You to not use the App if You do not understand, approve of, or accept all the terms specified in this Agreement. Hence, You are requested to read these Terms and Privacy Policy carefully and understand the Agreement before You accept it and agree to be bound by it.

4. The Agreement shall govern the relationship of each User with us. However, We may also execute separate written agreements with its Users. In case of conflict between terms of such separate written agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the separate written agreement shall prevail.

B. PROVISION OF THE APP

1. Section 12 of the Public Gambling Act, 1867 provides that games of mere skill are exempt from the application of the Act. The Supreme Court of India and various High Courts in India have opined that a game of mere skill is a game “in which, although the element of chance necessarily cannot be entirely eliminated, success depends principally upon the superior knowledge, training, attention, experience and adroitness of the player. A game of skill is one in which the element of skill predominates over the element of chance.” No penalty can be imposed upon a person for playing such games of skill.

2. Users must note that ‘Ludo’ game available for challenge in our platform is ‘Games of Skill’, under Indian law, and that we do not support, endorse, or offer to Users ‘games of chance’ for money. While ‘Games of Skill’ do not have a comprehensive definition, they are those games where the impact of a player’s effort and skill on the outcome of a game is higher than the impact of luck and chance.

3. In adherence to prevailing laws, the Company prohibits individuals residing in specific Indian states, including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Odisha, Telangana, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu, and those residing outside India, from participating in the Games. Access to the Platform is banned for users from these states.

4. The game rules are clearly defined on this platform, and Users are encouraged to read, understand, and follow these rules to be successful in these games.

5. The games on our platform are ‘Games of Skills’, such that the outcome/success in the games is directly dependent on the User’s effort, performance, and skill. By choosing how to play, the actions of Users shall have a direct impact on the game.

6. If a User does not comply with the rules of the contest/game, the company is authorized to take any necessary action against such Users as defined in section D (Penalty).

C. COMMUNICATION

1. By using this platform, the User provides their consent to communicate with the company and receive such communications in relation to the games offered by the platform and its services.

2. Communication between the Users and the company may happen electronically or through the various social media pages, and the User consents to receive these communications.

3. The Company is not responsible for any communication happening between Users and any other third-party platform.

D. PENALTY

The company reserves the right to penalize any User if found to be in violation of the contest/game rules.

E. CONTACT US

For any queries, please feel free to contact us via the contact information provided on the platform.





GST Registration
We are registered under GST, and all the applicable taxes are charged on our services and products as per the latest GST guidelines.

GST on Transactions
All transactions will be subject to the applicable GST rates. The tax will be included in the total price at checkout. For more details, refer to the official GST tax rate schedule.

Tax Invoices
We provide GST-compliant invoices for all payments made. These invoices include all the necessary details, including the GST amount, for your record-keeping and tax filing purposes.

GST Refunds
In case of any overpayment of GST, refunds will be processed as per the government regulations.




Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This document explains how Ludo Royal Clubcollects, processes, stores and/or shares any personal data and/or information from users (jointly referred to as “Information”). By accessing and/or using the Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure, and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data, or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Services. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to the Services (the “Terms”), you must be at least at legal age (minimum age of 18 years) to access and/or use the Services, or if legally possible, to access with your legal guardian's consent, due authorization, and agreement with this Privacy Policy.

The Information collected:
Ludo Royal Club and/or third parties, including but not limited to business partners, advertising networks, analytics, or search information providers, may collect and process the following data about you: information that you provide when you fill in forms when accessing and/or using the Services, or when you create an account within the Services; details of your use of the Services and the resources that you access; the correspondence between you and Ludo Royal Club and any interactions, or with other users on the Service, the channels, and/or any social media related; from third parties who hold data about you and who agree to share this data with us; and information collected via cookies and other similar technologies and/or other mechanisms, as explained further below.

Personal Data:
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Phone Number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
I. Cookies:
Ludo Royal Club uses cookies and other similar technologies in the Services. These technologies operate either by placing a small file which stores some information on your computer or mobile device; and/or by accessing information on your device.Ludo Royal Club uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address; to allow the Services to interact with a third party social network or platform where you have chosen to allow such interaction; to allow payment processes when you submit payment instructions; to enable Ludo Royal Club and third parties to provide you with more customized services; and to collect data such as your device’s model, operating system and screen size, other applications installed on your device, and information about how you use the Services. By accessing and/or using the Services you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or mobile device browser settings but some features of the Services may not function properly. Alternatively, if you do not wish such data collection as described in this section, you should stop using the Services.

II. Ads:
Advertisers on mobile devices sometimes use advertising identifiers to enable and optimize their advertising, to deliver tailored ads related to your interests (Interest-Based Advertising or IBA). These identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal, device identifiers. Ludo Royal Club and/or third parties may use your device’s advertising identifier and other information associated with it, to deliver ads that relate to your interests and to improve and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.

III. Location Information:
You may choose to publish your location in your Ludo Royal Clubprofile. You may also tell your location when you enable your device to send such location information. Ludo Royal Club and/or third parties may use and store information about your location to provide special features, to deliver ads that relate to your interests and/or to improve and customize the Services.

IV. Links:
Ludo Royal Club may keep track of how you interact with links across the Services, including email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means.

V. Log Data:
Servers automatically record information created by your use of the Services. This data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. Log data is received when you interact with the Services. This data is used to provide the Services and to measure, customize, and improve them.

VI. Payment Information:
If you make a purchase in the Services, Ludo Royal Club may collect the billing and financial information necessary to process the charges; and/or do so on behalf of the relevant payment service providers. Purchases of third-party services are subject to the policies applicable to such providers.

VII. Third-party services:
Ludo Royal Club uses a variety of third-party services to help its provision of the Services, such as hosting and other services. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address, location, and device’s unique identifiers. Also, third-party ad partners may share information to measure ad quality and tailor ads, for example, to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in.

VIII. Customer Support Correspondence:
When you ask for assistance from Ludo Royal Club customer support, the contact information you provide will be collected, as well as information about your gameplay or activity on the Service, your user ID number, and the correspondence and any information contained within. If available through the Services, you may provide Ludo Royal Club with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, location, website, cell phone, a picture, information to customize your account, etc. Such contact information may be used to send you information about the Services or related information. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Ludo Royal Club and/or from other users and find users you know. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on the Service. Also, Ludo Royal Club may use your contact information to help others find your account, including through third-party services and client applications. Providing any additional information described in this section is entirely optional.

Use of Information
When you create or configure an account in the Services, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, and any other information as required from time to time. Some of this information, for example, your name and/or username, may be listed publicly on the Services, including on your profile page and in search results. You agree that Ludo Royal Club and/or third parties on its behalf and/or its partners may use the Information for the purposes of contacting you as part of customer support; to send you updates or information about the Services; managing your account and relationship with the Service and improving your experience when you use it, improving the Services, research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications for these purposes; marketing and promotion of the Services or products; to personalize and optimize the Services, promotional content and/or advertising; to create reports, analysis, or similar services for the purposes of research or business intelligence.

Information sharing and disclosure
Ludo Royal Club will only share your data with third parties according to the Privacy Policy, as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services, for example, by providing Information to suppliers that Ludo Royal Club may use to fulfill the Services; where it is necessary to carry out your instructions, for example, to process a payment instruction your Information has to be provided to the payment processors; where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it; for the delivery of Interest-Based Advertising in the manner set out on this Privacy Policy; when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with any channel or social media, the information you submitted may be published; as it is reasonably believed is permitted by law or regulation; in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the Terms, this Privacy Policy and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights and/or property of Ludo Royal Club or third-party´s rights and/or property. Ludo Royal Club may share or disclose your non-private information, such as public user profile information, public messages, e-mail, etc., or share or disclose your information in an anonymous or aggregated basis in a manner that does not allow your personal identity to be revealed or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

Security and Data Retention
Ludo Royal Club follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information in Ludo Royal Club´s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your Information in connection with the fulfillment of Ludo Royal Club´s obligations to you and the purposes of the collection of the Information are granted access to your Information. Ludo Royal Club may retain your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the Services; as needed for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy; as required by law, regulation or otherwise; or to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce the Terms, and/or take other actions permitted by law.

Business Transfers
In the event that Ludo Royal Club undergoes any business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, Ludo Royal Club may be required to disclose your personal information.

Changes to the Policy
Ludo Royal Club may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted here, and you should check this page periodically for updates. Your continued use of the Services after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of these changes, please do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Services.


Refund Policy
Thanks for being a patron with (referred as “Ludo Royal Club”) . If you are not entirely satisfied with your subscription, we are here to help. Refund Once we receive your Refund request, we will inspect it and notify you on the status of your refund. If your refund request is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment) within 7 working days. You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days, depending on your card issuer's policies. In case of unforeseen technical glitch, would refund subscription upon reviewing the complaint. Final decision lies with the company.
